Throughout your whole military career, you basically are going to be taken
care of, regardless of whether you're an E1 or an admiral. They
provide your housing in a different type of way, they provide your
food in a different type of way. So this is what I mean. When you just
join the military, they know you don't make that much cash, so what
they do is, they, some people they have to make them stay on the
ship, you know, to sleep. After you make it to around, like, E5, the
second class petty officer level, then they start giving you this thing
called B.A.H. It's basic allowance for housing. They say, "If you
choose to, you're allowed to find an apartment out in the world and
we'll give you money for it." In other locations if you're second
class petty officer, then they might allow you to stay in the houses
on base. Especially if you are in a foreign country, then, you know,
you'll probably be staying on base. As you get a lot higher in rank,
like, for instance if you're a chief or a senior chief, master chief
or if you're an officer, then they probably give you lots of cash
and they allow you to, like, find a much bigger house. Because chances
are, those people probably have bigger families.